Bump EG  to 4.0 (#17215)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-python: sdk/eventgrid/azure-eventgrid/CHANGELOG.md

# Release History

## 4.0.0 (2021-03-09)

  **Note:** This is the first stable release of our efforts to create a user-friendly and Pythonic client library for Azure EventGrid. Users migrating from `v1.x` are advised to view the [migration guide](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-python/blob/master/sdk/eventgrid/azure-eventgrid/migration_guide.md).

  **New Features**

>   - `azure-eventgrid` pacakge now supports `~azure.core.messaging.CloudEvent` which honors the CNCF CloudEvent spec.

Reviewer: typo on "pacakge
```suggestion
  - `azure-eventgrid` package now supports `azure.core.messaging.CloudEvent` which honors the CNCF CloudEvent spec.
```

  - `azure.eventgrid.SystemEventNames` can be used to get the event model type mapping for system events.
  - Implements the `EventGridPublisherClient` for the publish flow for EventGrid Events, CloudEvents and Custom schema events.

  **Breaking Changes**

>   - `azure.eventgrid.models` namespace along with all the models in it are now removed. `azure.eventgrid.SystemEventNames` can be used to get the event model type mapping.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `azure.eventgrid.models` namespace along with all the models in it are now removed.:
      - JSON documentation on the events is available here: https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/event-grid/system-topics
      - `azure.eventgrid.SystemEventNames` provides the list of available events name for easy switching.
```
